Welcome to the first coding lesson,
an introduction to the C++ language.
The goal of this lesson is to get you up and running with
the basics of C++ including how to compile and
run a simple C++ program and how to write code with correct C++ language syntax.
In this lesson, you'll see the following concepts.
To get started, you will write and run
your first C++ program and you'll also learn how to send output to the console.
Then you'll learn about variables and containers including different variable types,
vectors, using the auto keyword,
and then we'll move to functions and control structures.
So you'll learn about for loops,
how to write your own C++ functions,
you'll learn about if statements and while loops,
and then last we'll learn about data input,
where you will read data from a file and parse data and process strings.
There's one more thing, which is to define your own types with enums.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll be able to read a text file representing a maze
into your program and you'll be able to store the maze data.
You'll also be able to output a basic map of the maze with
nice formatting and ASCII characters to represent obstacles.